The Biography of Cee-Es
Beginning:
On an ominous Friday, September 13th, a little baby boy named Cee-Es was born. His parents Steve and Lena were both programmers for Apple.
As soon as Cee-Es came out of his mother's womb, his eyes were clearly out of sync. To fix this, he had eye surgery which went successful.
Approaching the age of 1, Cee-Es began looking at computers and watching Peppa Pig. At the age of two, Cee-Es started to learn Java. 
He picked up loops rather quickly but polymorphism and recursion proved to be a problem. Some nights he cried while doing his projects
provided by his parents, but it was all worth it as he began to master the language of Java. By the age of 4, he was ready for another 
challenge: Python.     

For Cee-Es, Python was a whole different beast. He struggled for days on end trying to learn, but nothing was clicking. Going on 32 hours
with no sleep, Cee-Es discovered something that would greatly aid him in his learning of Python. While exploring the attic in his very large home,
Cee-Es found a very old dusty box. After sneezing from cleaning the dust off of it, he found an old book covered in an eqaully large amount of dust
that the aforementioned box was in. The book was called "The Holy Bible of Coding." Cee-Es got very excited and hurriedly ran out of the attic. 
Unfortunately, he tripped and the book went flying out of his hands, out a window, and into a pool below. The book was ruined.

Cee-Es was devistated. How would he ever learn python now? He continued trying to learn it his normal way, but it wasn't helping. Right as Cee-E
was about to give up, He heard a knock at the door. He opened it up to see find a 8 foot long snake. Scared for his life, Cee-e shut the door and
ran upstairs. He waited for it to go away, but it sat patiently at the door waiting for him. Curious, he went and opened the door again, but this
time the snake began to talk. He told Cee-E about how he had heard about his struggles with Python and was hoping to help teach him. Cee-E 
hesitantly agreed. After a couple lessons from the snake master, Cee-E didn't fear Python anymore.


